---
date: "2018-11-19"
title: "Meeting 2018-11-19"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Edgar
- John

Action items
------------
- *Edgar*: Will contact John Hicks regarding setup of a pS mesh config for getting I2 data and NRP data into archive
- *John*: Will create spreadsheet outlining Nagios probes for project services (both Nebraska and other sites)
    - Will follow up with Chicago and Michigan to fill in gaps

Existing items
--------------
- Test RabbitMQ functionality by manually configuring an endpoint
    - There might be issues vs how the RSV probes collect data.
      Selection of topics?
    - Need to ensure data format is the same in RSV and MQ endpoints
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*
    - Shawn discussed the possibility of a plugin functionality with the pS
      developers, and they seemed open to the idea.
    - Keeps them out of the business of storing credentials
    - Will follow up after next developer meeting
- *Derek: Will research tape replay* and estimate the scope of the project
    - Also need a method to verify that the data was played back
- Reactivate HTCondor TCP statistics
    - Derek created a [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RiwMpVKmCZY-pd5RwkT8Pd7_i5ta_O_GuMWP5gF0ces) of HTCondor submitters that are no longer reporting to the GRACC ES.
    - None are reporting now
    - How to get data onto the bus?
    - Derek has Edgar's docs
- Monitoring
    - The pipelines and the contents of the pipelines
    - Nebraska will be responsible for the "plumbing" monitoring?
        - MQ status
        - Confirmation of flow with test messages
    - Shawn has experience with monitoring the data quality
    - *John: Come up with Nagios probes list for infrastructure*
    - *Derek: Spreadsheet of collectors reporting to central collector*
- *Derek: Will look at the RSV code and estimate the development effort*
    - Details in [2018-10-08 minutes](/meetings/20181008)
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component in [architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zy27YC3Hg5_1he8Wehg2IR91PHmaduTLbieA_TrvbVU)
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?
