---
date: "2018-10-08"
title: "Meeting 2018-10-08"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
#excerpt: "Introductory meeting notes"
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Derek
- Edgar
- John

Discussed items
---------------

### perfSonar collectors
- Two sets of servers
    - One set goes to UChicago
    - One set goes to GRACC
- Custom written collector (Ilya)
    - *Derek: Look at the existing container for details*
    - Ilya or Marian Babik would have details
    - Can it be converted to LogStash?

### perfSonar RSV components (Edgar)
- One probe that fetches the content of the JSON which has one line
    - Each entry is a mesh
    - Goes through each mesh finding which host is registered
    - For each host, there's a probe which visits periodically and pushes contents to MQ
    - If there's a probe with no meshes, it's disabled
- One probe which talks to each host and gets new info (since last run)
    - Pushes info to MQ
- On GitHub at [opensciencegrid/rsv-perfsonar](https://github.com/opensciencegrid/rsv-perfsonar)
    - network-monitoring-local-probe:parseJsonUrl()
    - uploader/caller.py
        - Runs in a Python 2.7 environment
        - Parent class
        - Posts data to RabbitMQ
        - Input to uploader is configuration path:
            - Reads from `/etc/rsv/metrics/${metricName}.conf`
    - uploader/activemquploader.py and uploader/esmonduploader.py are legacy
    - Authentication to hosts is sometimes required: HTTPS with client certs
        - Derek: Does FNAL maintain a list of trusted client certs?
          Edgar: FNAL trusts any cert. Goal was SSL protection.

### Migrate perfSonar RSV to systemd
- *Derek: Will look at the RSV code and estimate the development effort*
- Derek: How many probes?
  Edgar: On the order of 200. One per perfSonar instance in the wild.
- Brian: Are they written like python modules or scripts?
  Edgar: More like scripts and not very much code.
- Brian's design #1: Python multiprocessing
  - Implement internal scheduling
  - Likely fewer issues than the systemd approach
- Brian's design #2: Move this to a set of systemd-driven services
    - Model after [CVMFS Stratum-1 Replicator](https://github.com/cvmfs-contrib/cvmfs-stratum1-replicator)
    - Templated services and timers
    - Is there a limit to the number of simultaneous python processes?
        - Too high of memory requirement?
    - Repeated RabbitMQ authentications might be too expensive

### pS to RabbitMQ discussion (cont'd)
- Client certificates (LetsEncrypt) auth appears to be a maybe
    - UNL uses LetsEncrypt
    - FNAL uses a `*.fnal.gov` wildcard
    - TAMU uses a self-signed cert
    - *Derek: Can RabbitMQ trust client certs via wildcard?*

### Periodic reports
- Weekly service performance reports via email
- Can use existing GRACC reporting mechanism?
- Reporting in addition to dashboards

Existing items
--------------

- Explore authentication options for sending site data to RabbitMQ
    - *Need Shawn's input*
    - LetsEncrypt client certificates?
    - May still need to automate MQ config changes to add DNs
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?