---
date: "2018-10-15"
title: "Meeting 2018-10-15"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
#excerpt: "Introductory meeting notes"
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Derek
- Edgar
- John

Discussed items
===============

### Infrastructure
- Action item: Reactivate HTCondor TCP statistics
    - *(Unassigned)*
- Monitoring
    - The pipelines and the contents of the pipelines
    - Nebraska will be responsible for the "plumbing" monitoring?
        - MQ status
        - Confirmation of flow with test messages
    - Shawn has experience with monitoring the data quality
    - *John: Come up with Nagios probes list for infrastructure*
    - *Derek: Spreadsheet of collectors reporting to central collector*

Existing items
==============

- *Derek: Will look at the RSV code and estimate the development effort*
    - Details in [2018-10-08 minutes](20181008)
- Explore authentication options for sending site data to RabbitMQ
    - *Need Shawn's input*
    - LetsEncrypt client certificates?
    - May still need to automate MQ config changes to add DNs
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?
