---
date: "2018-10-22"
title: "Meeting 2018-10-22"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Shawn
- Derek
- Edgar
- Garhan
- John

Discussed items
---------------

### SAND update presentation review from Shawn
- [Presentation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1URMtTmELkQ0DFxbHHHMk199k8M4wqIfA/view)
- Reporting data from pS nodes directly to message bus:
  Tell each toolkit node to send it's data not only to the local ESMond
  as well as a RabbitMQ bus. The question is now to do it securely
    - Option: Send the credentials to a host that asks for their own
      mesh configuration. (Verify by matching source IP).
      - perfSonar developers were hesitant:
        Everything is stored in MongoDB. Never intended to store anything secure
        or private.
    - perfSonar dev suggestion: Create an RPM file in a password protected repo.
        - Still have a similar problem: There's a challenge to get users to update
          their RPMs.
    - Will continue to discuss options and possibilities.
    - Derek: Prefers user/password over firewall rules. Client certs are not
      straightforward on the MQ side.
    - John: How about a site-specific "JSON augmentation plugin"? The pS mesh
      config generator calls user-defined code which returns
      additional JSON to be merged into the generated config.
- Near-term plans and status: Alarming dashboards, route correlation, and
  alerting systems
- Demonstrated the [MWT2 Atlas Kibana site](http://atlas-kibana.mwt2.org:5601/app/kibana)
  and
  [perfSonar ETF site](https://psetf.opensciencegrid.org/etf/check_mk/)

Action items
------------
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*. Will contact Andy, Mark, and Michael with the
  possibility of augmenting the JSON stream bus as a plugin.
- *Everyone: Review links* at the end of the presentation and consider how the
  data can be incorporated into SAND
- *Derek: Will research tape replay* and estimate the scope of the project

Existing items
---------------

### Infrastructure
- Action item: Reactivate HTCondor TCP statistics
    - *(Unassigned)*
- Monitoring
    - The pipelines and the contents of the pipelines
    - Nebraska will be responsible for the "plumbing" monitoring?
        - MQ status
        - Confirmation of flow with test messages
    - Shawn has experience with monitoring the data quality
    - *John: Come up with Nagios probes list for infrastructure*
    - *Derek: Spreadsheet of collectors reporting to central collector*
- *Derek: Will look at the RSV code and estimate the development effort*
    - Details in [2018-10-08 minutes](20181008)
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?
